Tutorials: add plotly data visualization tutorial from Gábor (#595)
questdb/questdb.io: tutorial/2021-11-01-plotly-finnhub-realtime-dashboard.mdx

interactive console, and run the following SQL statement:

```sql
CREATE TABLE
    quotes(stock_symbol STRING,
           current_price DOUBLE,
           high_price DOUBLE,
           low_price DOUBLE,
           open_price DOUBLE,
           percent_change DOUBLE,
           ts TIMESTAMP)
    timestamp(ts)
PARTITION BY DAY;
```

After executing the command, we will see a success message in the bottom left
corner, confirming that the table creation was successful and the table appears
on the right-hand side's table list view.

<Screenshot
  alt="Creating a table using the SQL editor in QuestDB's web console"
  height={591}
  src="/img/tutorial/2021-11-01/create_table.png"
  width={770}
/>

Voilá! The table is ready for use.

## Creating workers using Celery

### Define Python dependencies

As mentioned, our project will have two parts. For now, let's focus on the
routine jobs that will fetch the data from Finnhub. As is the case of every
standard Python project, we are using `requirements.txt` to define the
dependencies the project will use. Place the `requirements.txt` in your project
root with the content below:

```python

> finnhub-python==2.4.5  # The official Finnhub Python client
> pydantic==1.8.2        # We will use Pydantic to create data models
> celery[redis]==5.1.2   # Celery will be the periodic task executor
> psycopg2==2.9.1        # We are using QuestDB's PostgreSQL connector
> sqlalchemy==1.4.2      # SQLAlchemy will help us executing SQL queries
> dash==2.0.0            # Dash is used for building data apps
> pandas==1.3.4          # Pandas will handle the data frames from QuestDB
> plotly==5.3.1          # Plotly will help us with beautiful charts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pydantic[dotenv]==1.8.2 # We will use Pydantic to create data models
celery[redis]==5.1.2    # Celery will be the periodic task executor
psycopg2==2.9.1         # We are using QuestDB's PostgreSQL connector
sqlalchemy==1.4.2       # SQLAlchemy will help us executing SQL queries
dash==2.0.0             # Dash is used for building data apps
pandas==1.3.4           # Pandas will handle the data frames from QuestDB
plotly==5.3.1           # Plotly will help us with beautiful charts
```

Reviewer: The requirements should be updated as indicated in [this commit](https://github.com/gabor-boros/questdb-stock-market-dashboard/commit/5cd1b583f3948032fdde290301d3c73781564b05#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5)

celery_app = Celery(broker=settings.celery_broker)

# [...]
```

To fetch the data periodically per stock symbol, we need to programmatically
create a periodic task for every symbol we defined in the settings.

```python
# [...]

@celery_app.on_after_configure.connect
def setup_periodic_tasks(sender, **kwargs):
    """
    Setup a periodic task for every symbol defined in the settings.
    """
    for symbol in settings.symbols:
        sender.add_periodic_task(settings.frequency, fetch.s(symbol))

# [...]
```

The snippet above will register a new periodic per stock symbol after Celery is
connected to the broker. The last step is to define the `fetch` task that does
the majority of the work.

```python
# [...]

@celery_app.task
def fetch(symbol: str):
    """
    Fetch the stock info for a given symbol from Finnhub and load it into QuestDB.
    """

    quote: dict = client.quote(symbol)

    query = f"""
    INSERT INTO quotes(stock_symbol, current_price, high_price, low_price, open_price, percent_change, ts)
    VALUES(
        '{symbol}',
        {quote["c"]},
        {quote["h"]},
        {quote["l"]},
        {quote["o"]},
        {quote["pc"]},

>         cast({quote["t"]} * 1000000L AS TIMESTAMP)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        systimestamp()
```

Reviewer: Us the current system timestamp over the fetched one
